hi friends today we are making delicious
crunchy and soft tacos with seasoned
ground beef and Mexican beef chorizo for
all the lizard tacos we are using flour
tortillas crunchy taco shells ground
beef Mexican beef chorizo to season the
ground beef and chorizo you will need
finely chopped garlic finely chopped
yellow onion and taco seasoning to
garnish our tacos we are using diced
tomato chopped cilantro shredded lettuce
chopped catch green chilies Mexican four
cheese blend and sour cream but in a
minute pan on medium heat cook the round
beef and chorizo sausage
remove the casing from the sausage and
squeeze out the chorizo sausage
use a spatula to make the taco meat cup
until no pink meat remains
now let's drain the fat for my cook meat
now in the same pan on a medium heat add
finely chopped yellow onion finely
chopped garlic and taco seasoning
lightly saute now add the cooked meat
and mix together this is your taco
filling
at 325 degrees warm the taco sells
hit the taco cells for six to ten
minutes
now let's make our tacos soft taco first
ground beef the crunchy tacos make great
appetizers
red taco sauce sour cream cilantro
lettuce green chili
tomato and Mexican four cheese blend and
here you have delicious crunchy and soft
tacos with seasoned ground beef and
Mexican beef chorizo
my name is pie we hope you enjoy
watching our video if you would like
this delicious recipe please visit our
website
you